# Meeting 2021-02-23

**Date:** 2021-02-23 09:00  
**Participants:** Oliver, Axel, Emma, Magnus, Jan    
**Responsible for the meeting:** Emma, Axel  

## Done since last meeting: 
We finished a plan for sprint 2  
Magnus/Oliver has worked on the parser  
Emma/Axel did object definitions and started working on the graphical  


## Discussion during the meeting:
We go through what we have done during the first week of sprint 2  
We tell Jan that we have started working on the parser and the object definitions and have also started working on the graphics library  
We explain to Jan that the object definitions were easier to implement than what we thought at first, we think this is due to good planning  

We tell Jan about Magnus/Oliver will work on connecting the parser and the object definitions  
Emma/Axel will keep working on the graphics library and start working on a demo  
Emma shows the graphical proto prototype  

We ask Jan about our Git repository structure of branches. 
He tells us it is up to us but he recommends to have the setup that we already have (Dev branch and the different branches for our dev groups)  

Jan recommends us to use the book we were given in the beginning of the project to represent the graphical implementation  

We show the difference between the parser generator code and the parser code  
We show the parser and tell jan about our thinking. He agrees that assuming that the code is written correctly is a fair assumption  


## For the next meeting:
Magnus/Oliver will work on connecting the parser and the object definitions
Emma/Axel will keep working on the graphics library and start working on a demo


**Date for next meeting:** 2021-03-01 10:00
